Rotated object detection and RTMDet-R (#513)
open-mmlab/mmyolo: configs/rtmdet/README.md

1. The inference speed of RTMDet is measured on an NVIDIA 3090 GPU with TensorRT 8.4.3, cuDNN 8.2.0, FP16, batch size=1, and without NMS.
2. For a fair comparison, the config of bbox postprocessing is changed to be consistent with YOLOv5/6/7 after [PR#9494](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection/pull/9494), bringing about 0.1~0.3% AP improvement.

### Rotated Object Detection

RTMDet-R achieves state-of-the-art on various remote sensing datasets.

|  Backbone   | pretrain | Aug | mmAP  | mAP50 | mAP75 | Params(M) | FLOPS(G) | TRT-FP16-Latency(ms) |                          Config                          |         Download         |
| :---------: | :------: | :-: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :-------: | :------: | :------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------: |

> | RTMDet-tiny |    IN    | RR  | 46.81 | 75.88 | 50.08 |   4.88    |  20.45   |         4.40         | [config](./rotate/rtmdet_l_syncbn_fast_1xb8-36e_dota.py) | [model](<>) \| [log](<>) |

Reviewer: We can migrate all configurations supported by mmrotate

1. The inference speed of RTMDet is measured on an NVIDIA 3090 GPU with TensorRT 8.4.3, cuDNN 8.2.0, FP16, batch size=1, and without NMS.
2. For a fair comparison, the config of bbox postprocessing is changed to be consistent with YOLOv5/6/7 after [PR#9494](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmdetection/pull/9494), bringing about 0.1~0.3% AP improvement.

### Rotated Object Detection

RTMDet-R achieves state-of-the-art on various remote sensing datasets.

|  Backbone   | pretrain |       Aug       | mmAP  | mAP50 | mAP75 | Params(M) | FLOPS(G) | TRT-FP16-Latency(ms) |                                 Config                                 |         Download         |
| :---------: | :------: | :-------------: | :---: | :---: | :---: | :-------: | :------: | :------------------: | :--------------------------------------------------------------------: | :----------------------: |

> | RTMDet-tiny |    IN    |       RR        | 46.81 | 75.88 | 50.08 |   4.88    |  20.45   |         4.40         |      [config](./rotate/rtmdet_tiny_syncbn_fast_1xb8-36e_dota.py)       | [model](<>) \| [log](<>) |

Reviewer: 这些配置文件名也要改

|  RTMDet-s   |    IN    |      MS+RR      |   -   |   -   |   -   |   8.86    |  37.62   |         4.86         |      [config](./rotate/rtmdet_s_syncbn_fast_1xb8-36e_dota_ms.py)       | [model](<>) \| [log](<>) |
|  RTMDet-m   |    IN    |      MS+RR      |   -   |   -   |   -   |   24.67   |  99.76   |         7.82         |      [config](./rotate/rtmdet_m_syncbn_fast_1xb8-36e_dota_ms.py)       | [model](<>) \| [log](<>) |
|  RTMDet-l   |    IN    |      MS+RR      |   -   |   -   |   -   |   52.27   |  204.21  |        10.82         |      [config](./rotate/rtmdet_l_syncbn_fast_1xb8-36e_dota_ms.py)       | [model](<>) \| [log](<>) |
|  RTMDet-l   |   COCO   |      MS+RR      |   -   |   -   |   -   |   52.27   |  204.21  |        10.82         | [config](./rotate/rtmdet-r_l_pretrain_syncbn_fast_1xb8_36e_dota_ms.py) | [model](<>) \| [log](<>) |
|  RTMDet-l   |    IN    | Mixup+Mosaic+RR |   -   |   -   |   -   |   52.27   |  204.21  |        10.82         |      [config](./rotate/rtmdet-r_l_syncbn_fast_1xb8_100e_dota.py)       | [model](<>) \| [log](<>) |

**Note**:

> 1. Please follow doc to get start with rotated detection. [Rotated Object Detection](../../docs/zh_cn/tutorials/rotated_detection.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Please follow doc to get start with rotated detection. [Rotated Object Detection](../../docs/en/tutorials/rotated_detection.md)
```
